Add quality declarations for each package except test_msgs (#92)
ros2/rcl_interfaces: action_msgs/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

This document is a declaration of software quality for the `action_msgs` package, based on the guidelines in [REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html).

# `action_msgs` Quality Declaration

The package `action_msgs` claims to be in the **Quality Level 4** category.

> Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Requirements for Quality Level 4 in REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirementlisted in the [Package Quality Categories in REP-2004](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-quality-categories) of the ROS2 developer guide.
```

Author: I'm currently linking to the non-existent rep page because the content in the developer guide is slated for removal.

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

 Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

### Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

`action_msgs` has a list of provided [messages and services](README.md).
New messages and services require their own documentation in order to be added.

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

`action_msgs` has embedded API documentation, but it is not currently hosted.

### License [3.iii]

> The license for `action_msgs` is Apache 2.0, the type is declared in the `package.xml` manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the repository level [`LICENSE`](../LICENSE) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license for `action_msgs` is Apache 2.0, the type is declared in the [package.xml](./package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the repository level [`LICENSE`](../LICENSE) file.
```

Author: Done

> There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has a license statement.

Reviewer: link Link http://build.ros2.org/view/Epr/job/Epr__rcl_interfaces__ubuntu_bionic_amd64/lastBuild/

Author: Done

# `action_msgs` Quality Declaration

The package `action_msgs` claims to be in the **Quality Level 4** category.

Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Requirements for Quality Level 4 in REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html).

## Version Policy [1]

### Version Scheme [1.i]

`action_msgs` uses `semver` according to the recommendation for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#versioning).

### Version Stability [1.ii]

`action_msgs` is not yet at a stable version, i.e. `>= 1.0.0`.

### Public API Declaration [1.iii]

All message and service definition files located in `msg` and `srv` directories are considered part of the public API.

### API Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.iv]/[1.vi]

`action_msgs` will not break public API within a released ROS distribution, i.e. no major releases once the ROS distribution is released.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

> `action_msgs` does not contain any c or c++ code and therefore will not affect ABI stability.

Reviewer: `C` and `C++` in uppercase? same in the other QDs

Author: Done

## Change Control Process [2]

`action_msgs` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

>  Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

Reviewer: nit: Remove the whitespace at the beginning. In the other QDs as well
